How to give a good demo (#14682)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/getting-started/meetings.md

- **Q&A with James & Tim:** Ask the founders anything you want
- **Demos:** Show us what you've worked on last week

## How to give a good demo

Demos are a great way to share what you've been working on and keep everyone in the loop. A little prep goes a long way toward making them useful and respectful of everyone's time. It also stops the meeting length getting out of hand!

> - **Test your setup before you start.** Make sure screen sharing and your microphone work so you can dive straight in. A quick check a few minutes before the meeting avoids awkward fumbling and keeps the energy up.

Reviewer: How does one actually do this? Should they start their own private Google Meet to test? I've hit this before so having it documented would make this more actionable.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Test your setup before you start.** You can do this by making your own Google Meet meeting as a test and making sure screen sharing and your microphone work so you can dive straight in. A quick check a few minutes before the meeting avoids awkward fumbling and keeps the energy up.
```

Is this clearer?
